[baby crying]
Hurry, or they'll kill us all!
Hurry!
Do your breasts still give milk?
Where are you going?
They have asked for her.
Sir? This is her.
The girl who tells fortunes?
[chanting softly in foreign language]
[horse neighs]
They're doing a magic spell
to make it win a race.
The horse's name
is Meaghan Boy.
Kemp ton, 3:00, Monday.
You ladies have a bet yourselves
but don't tell anyone else.
[theme song playing]
[preacher] ...and Abraham
made his home in a cave,
but it was good because God
resided there with him.
You see, children, God does not care
if you live in a slum
or in a mansion.
God does not care
if you are rich or you are poor.
You are still...
Morning, sir.
[policeman] Good morning,
Mr. Shelby.
[children laughing, chattering]
[man 1] Come on, lad.
[man 2] Morning, Mr. Shelby.
[man 1] Come on, hurry up!
[Thomas] Finn?
Arthur's mad as hell.
[sighs]
What does a ten-year-old
know about hell, eh?
I'm 11 Sunday.
[all chattering]
[man] Get your bets in now.
[John] Tommy! Tommy!
Tommy, look at the book.
- Just look.
- Tommy!
- All on Meaghan Boy.
- Good work, John.
Tommy!
Get in here, now!
That'll be six pennies, Nipper.
That's ten bob you'll see for that.
You was seen
doing the powder trick
down at Garrison Courts.
Times are hard.
People need a reason
to lay a bet.
There was a Chinese.
The washer women say
she's a witch.
It helps them believe.
We don't mess with Chinese.
- Look at the book--
- Chinese have cutters of their own.
We agreed, Arthur.
I'm taking charge of
drumming up new money.
What if Meaghan Boy
wins, Tommy?
You fixing races now?
Do you have permission from Billy Kimber
to be fixing races, mm?
What's got into you?
You think we can take on
the Chinese and Billy Kimber.
- Billy's got a bloody army--
- I think, Arthur.
That's what I do.
I think.
So that you don't have to.
There's news from Belfast.
I'm calling a family council
tonight at 8:00.
I want all of us there.
You hear me?
There's trouble coming.
[train whistle blowing]
[crowd cheering]
All right, shut up now.
Shut up.
Comrades, we're here today
to take a vote on strike action.
[crowd] Yes!
But before we have
a show of hands for that,
let's have a show of hands
from all those who fought in France.
All those who stood side by side
with your comrades
and watched your comrades fall.
Raise your hands.
The blood shed on Flanders Fields,
the sweat of your brows...
Who reaps the rewards?
- Is it you?
- [crowd] No!
- Is it your wives?
- No!
- Who, then, do they stand among us?
Or do they sit at home
comfortable with a full belly
while you scrape to find enough
to put shoes on your children's feet!
[crowd] Yes!
And what is the reward they offer you
for your sacrifices made?
A fucking cut in your wages.
That is your reward.
Raise a hand,
all those who want to strike.
[all] Yes!
[train whistle blowing]
On the house, Mr. Shelby.
- I'll take a Mild.
- [Harry] Right.
Cheers, Thomas,
good health to you.
The crown of a prince.
Soon to be king, I'd bet.
You don't bet.
No, but these past few days
I've been speculating.
About what?
One of my Union comrades
has a sister
who works in the telegraph office
at the BSA factory.
She says, over the past week
they've had messages coming up
from London to the brass,
from Winston Churchill himself.
Something about a robbery.
"A robbery of national
significance," it said.
She found a list of names
left on the telegraph machine.
And on that list was your name
and my name together.
What kind of a list would have
the name of a communist
and the name of a bookmaker
side by side?
Perhaps it's a list of men
who give false hope to the poor.
The only difference
between you and me, Freddie,
is that sometimes my horses
stand a chance of winning.
You know, there are days when I hear
about the cuttings and beatings
that I really wish I'd let you
take that bullet in France.
Believe me, there are nights
I wish you had.
[door slams open]
[glass breaking]
Hey!
- They're going to get me!
- On three.
- They are going to get me!
- One, two, three, down!
- Breathe, Danny, breathe.
- They're going to get me!
They're going to get me!
Danny. Danny.
Danny, you're home.
We're all home in England.
You are not in France.
You're not an artillery shell,
Danny, you're a man.
Hey?
You're not a whiz-bang.
You're a human being, Danny.
You're all right.
Up! Up!
It's all right.
Ah! Hell!
Did I do it again?
You did it again, Danny.
[crying]
You got to stop doing this, man.
- It's all right.
- Oh, God! Mr. Shelby, I'm sorry.
It's all right. You go home
to your wife now, Danny.
Try and get all that smoke
and mud out of your head, eh?
Yes, Mr. Shelby. I'm sorry.
Go on.
Mr. Shelby, you have to
do something about him.
Damn right, Harry.
You pay the Peaky Blinders
a lot of money for protection.
You're the law around here now,
Tommy, aren't you?
Maybe you should put a bullet
in Danny Whiz-Bang's head
like they do with mad horses.
Maybe you'll have to put a bullet
in my head someday, too.
Bring the bill to
the Peaky Blinders.
We'll take care of it.
Look at the gun.
You recognize it?
Mmm.
[screams]
Get up off your ass,
you umping pig.
Aunt Poll! What the fuck
did you do that for?
Finn was playing with this,
this afternoon by the Cut.
It was loaded.
Nearly blew Ada's tits off.
It must've fell out
of my pocket.
He said he found it
on the sideboard
of the betting shop,
with bullets in it.
I... I must have been drunk.
When are you not drunk?
Look, Aunt Pol. I'm sorry.
I'm... I'm sorry.
Keep this
between ourselves,
if you swear not to leave
guns lying around.
Look, I know having four kids
without a woman is hard,
but my boot is harder.
Now come on, we're late.
[Arthur] Right, I've called
this family meeting
because I've got some
very important news.
Scud boat and Love lock got back
from Belfast last night.
They were buying a stallion
to cover their mares.
They were in a pub on
Shank hill Road yesterday
and in that pub
there was a copper,
handing out these.
"If you're over five feet and can fight,
come to Birmingham."
They're recruiting Protestant Irishmen
to come over here as Specials.
- To do what?
- [Thomas] To clean up the city, Ada.
He's the Chief Inspector.
The last four years he's been
clearing the IRA out of Belfast.
How do you know so bloody much?
'Cause I asked the coppers
on our payroll.
Why didn't you tell me?
I'm telling you.
Why send him to Birmingham?
There's been all these
strikes at the BSA,
and the Austin works lately.
Now the papers are talking
about sedition. And revolution.
I reckon it's communists
he's after.
So this copper is gonna
leave us alone, right?
There are Irishmen in Green Lanes
who left Belfast to get away from him.
Catholic men who crossed him
used to disappear.
Yeah, but we ain't IRA.
We bloody fought for the King.
Anyway, we're Peaky Blinders.
- We're not scared of coppers.
- He's right.
If they come for us,
we'll cut them a smile each.
So, Arthur, is that it?
[Arthur] What do you think,
Aunt Pol?
This family does everything open.
You have nothing more to say
to this meeting, Thomas?
No.
Nothing that's women's business.
This whole bloody enterprise
was women's business
while you boys
were away at war.
What's changed?
We came back.
And the Lord will smite the unholy
when the great judgment comes.
And judgment is coming, my friends.
Judgment is coming
to this wicked city.
And your wickedness and your fornication
will be revealed.
You cannot hide
from the Creator.
You cannot hide from
the Almighty himself.
The Creator sees all.
You cannot hide
from the true and living God.
[man] Get out of here!
Fuck off!
[woman] Go away!
That's it, I don't go any further.
[sighs]
I have ten minutes.
What do you want?
An explanation.
I've always been able to tell
when you're hiding something.
People round here talk.
Some of them work
at the BSA.
I've been talking to wives
of factory hands.
Detectives have been asking questions
in the proofing shops.
Nothing happens in that factory
without you knowing about it.
Speak.
God and Aunt Polly
are listening.
It was meant to be routine.
I had a buyer in London
for some motorcycles.
I asked my men to steal me
four bikes with petrol engines.
I'm guessing my men were drunk.
There's a still inside the factory
makes tram line gin.
They picked up
the wrong fucking crate.
The boys dropped it to Charlie Strong's
yard as agreed.
They must've taken it from the proofing
bay instead of the export bay.
Holy sweet baby of Mary.
Inside we found
25 Lewis machine guns,
10,000 rounds of ammunition,
50 semi-automatic rifles,
200 pistols with shells.
[Polly] Jesus, Tommy.
All bound for Libya.
Sitting right there
in Charlie Strong's yard.
Tell me you threw
them in the Cut.
We put them in the stables
out of the rain.
The guns hadn't
been greased yet.
So that's why they sent
a copper from Belfast.
Maybe. Maybe not.
Thomas, you're a bookmaker,
a robber, a fighting man,
you are not a fool.
You sell those guns to anyone
who has use for them, you will hang.
Dump them somewhere
the police can find them.
Maybe if they know
they haven't fallen
into the wrong hands,
this might blow over.
- Tell Charlie to dump them tonight.
- No.
He won't move contraband
under a full moon.
Three days until it wanes.
Then you'll do the right thing?
You have your mother's
common sense,
but your father's devilment.
I see them fighting.
Let your mother win.
I got tickets for
the Penny Crush.
They're showing
a Tom Mix picture.
I'm not in the mood
for pictures, Ada.
Well, I'm not
doing it here again.
I got covered in mud
last time.
Let's just walk a bit.
If we go down as far as Greet,
we could go to a pub.
Your brothers have
friends in Greet.
Everywhere.
We'd have to walk to London.
You're the only man
around here not scared of them.
Oh, I'm scared
of them all right.
But you love me more than
you fear them, right?
I don't want to be
always sneaking about.
- Soon, we'll tell them.
- When?
How did the family meeting go?
Usual.
- There's a new copper coming.
- I heard.
Mmm. And Tommy says
he's after the likes of you.
So maybe you should burn your books
and stop making speeches.
Oh, my Ada.
The only princess of the royal family
of the kingdom of Small Heath.
I'm just a poor communist frog
with a big mouth.
- Give me a kiss, Princess Ada.
- [giggles]
I'm here about
the job as a barmaid.
- Are you mad?
- Am I what?
Do you know
about this place?
I saw it in an advertisement.
Job's been filled.
But it was in
yesterday's paper.
Believe me, love,
I'm doing you a favor.
I'm not asking for favors,
I'm asking for employment.
You're too... nice.
- How would you know?
- Too pretty.
They'd have you up
against a wall.
I have experience.
And references.
What part of Ireland
are you from?
- Galway.
- Ah.
I worked in Dublin.
My mother was from Galway.
- You are too pretty.
- Watch.
And listen.
? I wish I was ?
? In Carrickfergus ?
? Only for nights ?
? In Ballygrand ?
? I would swim over ?
? The deepest ocean ?
? For my love to find ?
? My boyhood friends ?
? And my own relations ?
? Have all passed on now ?
? Like the melting snow ?
In Ireland my singing made them cry
and stopped them fighting.
I hope you know a lot of songs.
[chattering]
Babies.
Discarded with the fish bones
and eggshells.
Girls.
11 years old.
Pierced and punctured by old men
for three pence a time.
Rutted upon like animals.
Degradation.
Fathers with their daughters,
brothers and sisters
sharing beds.
Beggars and thieves
left to run in the streets.
And astride the whole stinking pile
of wounds and rotten flesh,
your masters.
The men who
you touch your cap to.
The Peaky Blinders.
The vicious, merciless gangs
who blind those who see
and cut out the tongues
of those who talk.
You are worse than them.
Those of you who have taken their bribes
these years since the war.
Those of you who have
looked the other way,
you are worse than them.
God damn you for
soiling your uniforms!
And then,
there are t he IRA Fenians
and the communists.
Blacker hearts still.
They feed on the puss
of all this corruption
like maggots in a corpse!
And like maggots
have left a swell
they will eventually
swarm like flies
and spread their
rotten philosophy
across the country
and across the world.
Those then...
are our enemies.
A three-headed beast.
It is my job
to decapitate each one,
and by God I will do it.
I don't trust any of you
until you earn my trust...
and that takes some earning.
[door opens]
These are the new men
who will bolster your ranks.
Good men
from God-fearing families.
By the time the sun sets,
they will be sworn in
and in uniform.
And by sunrise tomorrow,
they will be on the streets.
God help those
who stand in our way.
[woman] Sorry, Mr. Shelby.
- Right.
- Get out of the way for Mr. Shelby.
- [man] Mr. Shelby.
- [Arthur] This way.
You see, ladies?
When you're out with a Blinder,
you don't have to queue.
Right, I want a blow job
off both of you
before they let the ordinary
people in.
Away you go.
Take it out.
What the fuck?
Who the fuck are you?
I am Arthur fucking Shelby!
- [punches thudding]
- [Arthur groaning]
[Campbell] Arthur Shelby.
Lead pack dog
of the Peaky Blinders.
Look at me.
[grunts, coughs]
[groans]
[Arthur] Bastard!
[Campbell] Your uniform?
Terrifying, I'm sure.
- Did he have a gun?
- [Moss] No gun.
Knife in his sock.
Cosh in his belt.
Now, Mr. Shelby...
I want you to see this
as me introducing myself to you.
Understand?
In all the world,
the only thing that
interests me is the truth.
So...
What do you know
about the robbery?
What robbery?
[breathing heavily]
I will ask you again.
What do you know
about the robbery?
I swear to God,
I don't know what
you're talking about.
What fucking robbery?
- [snap]
- [screaming]
[groaning]
After 35 years of
dealing with animals like you,
I can tell just by
sniffing the air
whether or not you are lying.
I'm not fucking lying!
All right?
I'm not fucking lying.
I know.
I see nothing of interest
behind the blood in your eyes.
And no blood in your veins
that could carry
even a trace
of cunning or guile.
But understand this.
It is well within my power
to have you and the rest
of your scum family
face down in the canal
before the year is out.
On the other hand...
we can help each other.
[chatter, laughter]
[Grace] Is it always
this busy on a daytime?
No. These boys are on
their way to St. Andrews.
- Pray?
- That'll be the day!
St. Andrews is a football ground.
The Blues are playing.
That's the forward line there
and that's the goalie, believe it or not.
[Thomas] Hello!
I need a bottle of rum.
Grace? Whatever it is,
it's on the house.
- A whole bottle?
- Yeah.
- White or dark rum?
- Don't care.
[Harry] Right, lads,
what will it be, two?
Thank you.
Harry said it's on the house.
Are you a whore?
Because if you're not,
you're in the wrong place.
He's one of them
you warned me about.
Grace, you're a friendly girl,
but be careful.
If I say something's
on the house,
then say nothing to whoever
you're serving.
If they decide that they want you
there's nothing anybody could do about it.
Lucky for you, since
he got back from France,
Tommy doesn't want
anybody at all. Yes, lads?
[grunting]
- Wipe the blood out of his eye.
- You give orders?
I'm a trained nurse.
Don't make me laugh,
it hurts my face.
[Ada] I bloody am.
You went to one
class in the church hall
and got thrown out
for giggling.
Not before I learned
to stop choking.
I'm not bloody
choking, am I?
You will be when I wrap
this cloth round your neck.
Let me see him. Well, have this.
Give me that.
You're all right.
He said Mr. Churchill
sent him to Birmingham.
National interest, he said.
Something about a robbery.
He said he wants us
to help him.
We don't help coppers.
He knew all about
our war records.
He said we're patriots like him.
He wants us to be
his eyes and ears.
I said...
I said we'd have a family
meeting and take a vote.
Well, why not? Mmm?
We have no truck with
Fenians or communists.
What's wrong with you?
What the fuck is wrong
with him lately?
If I knew, I'd buy the cure
from Compton's chemists.
? I am just a young girl ?
? I have just come over ?
? Over from the country ?
? Where they do things big ?
? And amongst the boys ?
? I have got myself a lover ?
? And since I have a lover ?
? I don't care a thing ?
? The boy I love is
up in the gallery ?
? The boy I love
is looking at me ?
[crowd quiets]
[Grace] ? Can't you see him
standing there? ?
? Waving his handkerchief ?
? As merry as a robin ?
? That sings on the tree ?
We haven't had singing
in here since the war.
Why do you think
that is, Harry?
[groaning]
[moaning]
So did Arthur say...
what kind of a deal
this new copper offered him?
God. The second your balls are empty,
it's back onto politics.
What did Tommy say?
He didn't say anything.
You know what he's like.
Yeah, I know
what he's like.
He likes to take his fights
onto the mud.
Doesn't like to
stand and wait.
You know what he'd do
if he found out about us.
He could try.
Sometimes it's like you're with me
just to show you can.
One day me and Tommy
will be on the same side again.
[Danny] Tommy!
[screaming]
[Thomas] Danny!
Danny!
[gasping]
[deep breathing]
[whimpering]
Hey, what you do?
We're closed.
Go home!
Go home, crazy man.
I said, go home, crazy man!
- [speaks Italian]
- [babbling]
- I said, go home.
- Fix bayonets!
[children screaming]
[people chattering]
Secretary of State, this is
Chief Inspector Campbell.
Mr. Churchill, sir.
May I say what a great honor
it is to meet you.
Bit of a whistle stop tour.
Love the hat, by the way.
Thank you.
It's beaver.
So, how are you settling in?
I have set up
a command network.
I have agents in place
across the city
who will act as
my eyes and ears.
And I have begun to interrogate
suspects vigorously.
You were in Belfast.
I understand you broke
a few Fenian hearts.
A rat's nest, sir.
So who do you think
stole the guns?
- The Fenians or the communists?
- If it is the IRA Fenians,
I will find them
and find the guns.
If it is communists,
I will find them and find the guns.
If it is common criminals,
To me there is no distinction
between any of the above.
Ah. We chose you
because you are effective,
but remember this, Mr. Campbell,
this is England, not Belfast.
Bodies thrown in the rivers
wash up in the papers here.
We must keep the existence
of these stolen guns out of the news,
otherwise we're simply
advertising them for sale.
If there are bodies
to be buried,
dig holes,
and dig them deep.
I want everything
accounted for,
down to the last bullet.
[Thomas] Uncle Charlie, a word.
They are aboard.
There's no moon.
We can take them out
to the turning point
beyond Gas Street
and leave them on the bank.
They'll be found by
railway men first thing.
Is that agreement?
I changed my mind.
You what?
I have an alternative strategy.
Tell Curly to take her out
to the old tobacco wharf.
There's a lock-up mooring
we used to keep cigarettes.
He knows it.
When the boat leaves your yard,
it's no longer your concern.
Have you lost
your fucking mind?
Have you not seen the streets?
They've sent a fucking army
to find these things.
That's right. They've shown their hand.
Their hand?
If they want them back this bad,
they'll have to pay.
That's the way of the world.
Fortune drops something
valuable into your lap,
you don't dump it
on the bank of the Cut.
You're blood, Tommy.
I've always looked out
for you like a dad.
You're going to bring holy hell
down on your head.
This copper
takes no prisoners.
I'm told he didn't serve.
Reserved occupation.
Is it another war
you're looking for, Tommy?
The tobacco wharf.
By order of the Peaky Blinders.
Are you in position?
I am, sir.
Your first impressions.
I am quite shocked
at how these people live.
Have you found anything out
that might help me?
I interrogated the head
of the Peaky Blinders.
He didn't know anything.
A brute.
It strikes me that it isn't Arthur
who heads the Shelby family.
It is the younger one,
Thomas.
They say he won two medals
for gallantry in the war.
You sound fascinated.
However, my opinion
has not changed.
The bookmaker gangs
have other business
and the communists are too weak
to have planned this.
I believe the guns were
taken by the IRA.
You must not let your personal history
cloud your judgment.
What history?
That the IRA murdered my father
will not affect my judgment.
If you see any guns,
check the serial numbers
against that list.
Your father
was the finest officer
I ever worked with.
I know he'd be very,
very proud of you.
Danny, as you know,
the man you killed was Italian.
And those two men over there
are his brothers.
If I let the Italians
do this, Danny,
they'll cut off your manhood
and let you drain.
That's how those
bastards do things.
So, to stop a war breaking out
between us and the Italians,
and to save you
from their barbarity...
I said I would dispatch you myself.
They are here to witness.
I died over there anyway, Tommy.
I left my fucking
brains in the mud.
You have any last
requests, comrade?
You'll look out for
my Rosie and my boys.
See they get apprenticeships.
At the BSA factory or the Austin.
And they'll make foremen.
I know they will.
Just ordinary.
Just ordinary men.
And they won't get told
to do the shit,
the shit, the shit
that we got told to do.
[whimpering]
I suppose I ought to pray now.
Those fucking guns,
they blew God right out of my head.
Is that boat for me?
We have to get your body
out of the city, Danny.
This new copper, you know...
Don't bury me anywhere
there's mud. Okay?
Promise me.
Bury me on a hill.
And tell Rosie where.
You were a good man
and a good soldier.
Yes, Sergeant Major.
[cocks gun]
In the bleak midwinter.
[gunshot]
[Arthur] Where are you?
It bloody won!
Monaghan Boy bloody won!
Yeah. It won.
And word will spread.
So the next time
we do the powder trick,
it won't just be the Garrison
that'll bet on the horse,
it'll be the whole of Small Heath.
And you know what?
The horse will win again.
And the third time
we do it,
we'll have the whole
of Birmingham betting on it.
1,000-quid bet on
the magic horse.
And that time,
when we are ready,
the horse will lose.
Think about it.
[Charlie] You okay, Danny?
I'm still in shock.
Are you sure
this isn't heaven?
If it was heaven,
what would I be doing here?
Tommy wanted you
to think it was real,
to try and knock
some sense into you.
A shell full of sheep brains
hurts pretty bad.
Ah, it was meant to.
So where are you taking me?
London. Tommy has a little job for you.
Give you a chance to say thanks.
You're a Peaky Blinder now, Danny.
[Polly] A bad week.
There was no moon
last night.
I checked.
- Did you do the right thing?
- Yes. I did the right thing.
[theme song playing]